update doc about Helm schematic workload (#1198)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/helm/trait.md

# Use existing Trait system

> A Helm module workload can fully work with Traits in the same way as existing workloads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Helm module workload can fully work with traits in the same way as the CUE based schematic. 
```

> In this sample application, we add two exemplary traits, scaler and [virtualgroup](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/docs/examples/helm-module/virtual-group-td.yaml), to a Helm module workload.

Reviewer: add a link for scaler?

Author: ok

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: myapp
  namespace: default
spec:
  components:
    - name: demo-podinfo 
      type: webapp-chart 
      settings: 
        image:
          tag: "5.1.2"
      traits:
        - name: scaler
          properties:
            replicas: 4
        - name: virtualgroup
          properties:
            group: "my-group1"
            type: "cluster"
```

> > If vela webhook is enabled, remember to add `deployments.apps` into the trait definition's `.spec.appliesToWorkloads` list.

Reviewer: This tip is confusing, just remove it.

:exclamation: Only one thing you should pay attention when use Trait system with Helm module workload, **make sure the target workload in your Helm chart strictly follows the qualified-full-name convention in Helm.**
[As the sample chart shows](https://github.com/captainroy-hy/podinfo/blob/c2b9603036f1f033ec2534ca0edee8eff8f5b335/charts/podinfo/templates/deployment.yaml#L4), the workload name is composed of [release name and chart name](https://github.com/captainroy-hy/podinfo/blob/c2b9603036f1f033ec2534ca0edee8eff8f5b335/charts/podinfo/templates/_helpers.tpl#L13). 

> KubeVela will generate a release name based on your Application name and component name automatically, so you just make sure not overried the full name template in your Helm chart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeVela will generate a release name based on your Application name and component name automatically, so you just make sure not override the full name template in your Helm chart. 
```
